# DndLib
Library for Drag-n-drop
0. Main concepts
Style attribute - attribute there you have to write style for the element with the regular syntax and you also can use a word (change), then the style will change the style attribute of the element, if you dont write (change) there, styles will be just added Example: data-dnd-styleBegin="(change) color: red;"
Function attribute - attribute where you have to write a function wich will be done in some moment, it has a global scope visibility and takes some arguments, about them you would know later, Example: data-dnd-doBegin="console.log('Function from the attribute')" 
This library is made to make the drag-n-drop tecnology easier in its usage.
1.Lets begin
The first step you should do to make an element draggable is give it an attribute data-dnd. By the way all the attributes we have in this lib
always starts with data, it make us be calm about its usage and we always know that they cant be used for somethink else. Then you gave your element data-dnd it gets an ability to be moved in any place you want you grab it and move, this attribute is nesssesary so you would not be able to you other attributes from this lib on the element if it doesent have data-dnd. If you try to remove data-dnd while moving nothink will happen but the next try to move the element after pressing up will be not successful, if you want to immediatle finish drag-n-drop there is a better way to do it, we will tell about it 
2.X and Y direction
If you want to make the element move only in one direction, it could be x or y, you have to give to the element an attribute data-dnd-PreventXDirection for only Y movung or data-dnd-PreventYDirection for only x. If you give it both it would be impossible to move the element. If you would try to change one of this attributes while moing the element it will stop moving if it could or if couldnt it will bwgin, but here you have to be carefull because it will move to the mouse position and take a position as like as it was able to move in prevented direction. 
3.Tragets of moving
Usually we dont move the element with no source so we have a target or a few. If your element has a dnd target you have to giv it an attribute data-dnd-target and there you have to write id of one or few target elems, Example: data-dnd-target="target1 target2". But now actually nothink has changed for us. To use averythink that data-dnd-target gives us we have to know some other staff
4. Cycle of drag element
At first lets divide our drag process for 3 parts: taking the element(when we grab it), moving the element, drop the element
4.1 Taking the element
This is a first part of drag-n-drop, and here there is somethink to do. At first there is an attribute wich gives some styles to the dnd element then you grab it, it calls data-dnd-styleBegin, it is a style attribute and all the styles will be added to the dnd elem right then a user grab it, also we can giv this attribute to targets, it will work the same. The next attribute is data-dnd-doBegin, this attribute is a function attribute and the function in it will be done then a user grabs a dnd elem. If you add data-dnd-doBegin to the dnd elem the function will take 2 arguments, dragElem - the dnd element and target - the Array wich has all the dnd elem targets, so you can do sometink with them. If you add data-dnd-doBegin to one of the targets it will have two arguments, dragElem - the dnd element, target - the target(the element target where you have added data-dnd-doBegin). Okay, you gave your targets and dnd element some of this attributes, and here could be one problem: what if you dnd element was in the flex block, so then it gets absolute position other elemtnts in his flex container will be moved, ussualy we dont need it, so there is a way how to solve this problem. You have to add an attribute data-dnd-clone to the dnd element and now, then our element will be grabed and take the absolute position clone element will be added before dnd element, the clone is the same as dnd element but it has visibility hidden and doesn have an attribute data-dnd. Here if you want to change some styles of the clone you can can give a dnd element an attribute data-dnd-cloneBegin, here you can write styles wich will be given to the clone after it will be added to DOM. If you want to give a clone spicial class of an attribute or something else yoou can take the clone element from dragElem._system.clone. Also you can manage a behaviour of the clone after an end of dnd, if you give dnd element a data-dnd-cloneend the clone will be automaticaly deleted after the dnd, else it will not deleted, if there is ine clone other clone will not be added to the DOM.The next problem you can have is that position of the dnd element becomes absolute. Everything we change in grabbing element parse is element style is: width, height, box-sozing to border-box position absolute and left/top(we also remove right and bottom). If is not that you want you can immediatly cange it, using the attribute data-dnd-doSetAbsolute, it is a function attribute and dragElem = dnd element, target = Array of all the dragElem targets. This is all with the first part.
4.2 Moving the element
Then we move the element we can also do something with it. We can add a function attribute called data-dnd-onMove to the dnd element so then it will have dragElem = dnd element and target = array of all the dnd element targets. Or we can add this attribute to the the targets then dragElem = dnd element and target = the target we addded it to. This function will be done every time we move uor element, so you can check its speed or make a fire way. But also it is possible that we hover in our element to one of the targets, and here we ussualy want to gu=ive a signal to the user that he can drop it there, and we give you a comfortable way to do it. At first we can add an attribute data-dnd-hoverBehavior on our dnd element, this attribute lets us to manage how do we understand if out dnd element is being into the target so the user can drop it. There are 2 possible variants, it could be "center", then we will check the center point of the element, if it is inside or not, "mouse" - we check the mouse position. Also if you would like to add your own way to check for hovering you have to use our special object called DND, here you have to use method "annHoverBehaviour", there you have to give two parametres, the first one is function that have to return an array that consists the x and y cords, [x,y], also we will give two arguments to your funvtion, the first one is event object, it is a regular pointerMove event object, and the second argument is a dnd element  that is being moving. The second parametr of addhoverBehaviour is the name you give to your costum hover behaviour, it can me any one (yes, even "__proto__") except the reserved names, they are "center" and "mouse".After you have setted your hoverBehaviour you can use it in attribute data-dnd-hoverBehaviour. The little live hack for you: you actually can change the behaviour if hoverBehaviour is unsetted, if you dont chanfe it it woald be "center", but you can change it to any function you want, just giving to your hoverBehaviour a name undefined. Alright, we have hover behaviour, and now we can do something then a user goes into the target, so let me introduce you some attributes wich gives us this apportunity. data-dnd-DoHoverIn is a function that will be made then a user hovers a dnd element into one of the targets. This function gets dragElem - the dnd element and target - the the target wich has been hovered. If we give this attribute to the target it will act the same way, but the function will be made only then user hovers the trget we added it to. Also we have data-dnd-HoverInStyle, it works the same but with styles. Also we have a situation then a user hovers out the element, so we have a special attribute here too. It callls data-dnd-doHoverOut for a function, it works the same as data-dnd-dohoverind and data-dnd-hoveroutstyles, it wirks analogical the data-dnd-hoverinstyles.
4.3 Dropping the element
Here our user drops the dnd element, so we have to do something with it, if it was into a target we have to do une think, if it wasnt - anouther, and here is wery easy to manage it. At first, lets see what can we do in any way, sometimes we have to give some animation or styles or something else and it doesnt matter are we into the target or not. So here we have an attribute called data-dnd-doanywaybefore, we have to out there a function that will be done in any case before other functions(you will see them later), if you give this attribute to dnd element it has dragElem - dnd element and target - the array with all targets, if you gevi this attribute to the target it would have dragElem - the dnd element, and target is the current target. Also you have to know that you can get the you can get hoverTrgat, i mean a target that is hovered by user right now, you can use a dnd element property "hoverItem", so you can get a target that is hovered in any place of code you want, but pay attention at that it ciuld ba undefined then there is no hovered target. The next attributes tets us do sumething and give styles then it was a success drag-n-drop, so a user dropped a dnd element on one of the targets. data-dnd-dosuccess - the function attribute, this function will be done on the dnd element and target where a dnd element was delivered, in both wariants the dragElem - dnd element, and the target is dragElem.hoverItem, the same way we can add styles to the successfull targett or dnd element, data-dnd-successstyle, it is a style attribute and it gives a style to its owner then it was a successfull drag-n-drop on thet element. Analogical there is a data-dnd-donotsuccess a function attribute  that will be done then a drag-n-drop wasnt successfull, on the element wich ownes that attribute or the dnd element if this attribute is on it, You have to understand that if yiu have few targets and it was a successful dnd, so lets imagine that a user has moved the dnd-element into a targrt1, so the target1 will be done data-dnd-dosuccess and data-dnd-sucessstyle, but on other target will be done data-dnd-donotsucess and data-dnd-notsuccessstyle, because the dnd wasnt successful for it. data-dnd-notsuccessstyle is style attribute that has got style wich will be added in not successful dnd. The last thing we can do is data-dnd-doanywayafter, so this is a function attribute and its function will be done tin any case after all functions i have told about previously, we can add it to tha targets or the dnd element, the arguments are the same as in the data-dnd-doynywaybefore. 
